>> Sean: THERE WAS A TIME WHEN
AMERICAN COLLEGES WERE HIVES OF
FREE SPEECH AND INDEPENDENT
THOUGHT, THAT WAS A LONG TIME
AGO.
NOW THEY ARE FAMOUS FOR
TOLERATING NO DISSENT
WHATSOEVER.
SPEAK OUT AS A STUDENT, YOU CAN
BE SUSPENDED OR FLUNKED, MORE
INSIDIOUSLY, SPEAK OUT AS A
PRESIDENT, YOU WILL FRIGHTENED
OR FIRED.
OR TRY TO BRING NEW IDEAS TO
CAMPUS, YOU'LL PROVOKE A RIOT.
WE SAW THAT THE UC BERKELEY,
WHERE MILO YIANNOPOULOS VISITED.
[PROTESTER NOISES]
>> Sean:
>> Tucker: MOST CAMPUSES ARE
PRETTY PRETTY BAD.
BUT WHICH ONES ARE THE WORST?
THANKS FOR COMING ON.
WHAT ARE THE WORST SCHOOLS FOR
HIS FREE-SPEECH?
>> IT'S A WIDE FIELD.
WHEN WE LOOK AT WHAT SCHOOLS ARE
IN THEIR PLACE ON THE LIST, I
CAN THINK, HOW CAN I GET ANY
CRAZIER?
I END UP KICKING MYSELF.
LET'S START WITH UC BERKELEY,
THE COLLEGE THAT REALLY KICKED
IT OFF AT THE END OF LAST YEAR,
WHERE A PRESENTATION BY MILO
YIANNOPOULOS WAS CANCELED AFTER
PROTESTERS TOOK THE STREETS AND
OVERWHELMED THE POLICE.
COMMITTED PROPERTY DAMAGE,
VIOLENCE, AND ENDED UP JUST
CAUSING AN ENORMOUS AMOUNT OF
MAYHEM.
>> Tucker: YEAH, THEY DID.
>> UC BERKELEY HAS KIND OF BEEN
ON THE MEND SINCE THEN.
THEY PAID AN ENORMOUS AMOUNT OF
MONEY FOR VARIOUS FREE-SPEECH
EVENTS, ALTHOUGH NOT WITHOUT
ALLEGATIONS THAT THEY FIRST
TRIED TO STIFLE AND CENSOR THAT
SPEECH.
THEY PAID ABOUT $800,000 FOR BEN
SCHAPIRO, I BELIEVE.
THEY CURRENTLY ARE FACING A
LAWSUIT REGARDING A SPEECH THAT
WAS PLANNED BY ANN COULTER,
WHERE THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
RECENTLY FILED A STATEMENT OF
INTEREST.
>> Tucker: WE FOLLOW THAT
PRETTY CAREFULLY, HARVARD ON THE
LIST, DREXEL ON THE LIST.
WHY DREXEL?
>> DREXEL PROFESSOR TWEETED, IN
HIS WORDS, SATIRICAL AND JOKING
TWEET REGARDING WHITE GENOCIDE.
ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS
WHITE GENOCIDE, POKING FUN AT
THE IDEA THAT WHITE GENOCIDE IS
A THING THAT EXISTS.
SOMEWHAT PREDICTABLY, THE
INTERNET ERUPTED IN OUTRAGE WITH
CALLS FOR HIS FIRING, AND HE WAS
SUSPENDED AND INVESTIGATED BY
DREXEL AND HE HAD TO KEEP
HIMSELF OFF CAMPUS BECAUSE
DREXEL SAID THAT THE ENVIRONMENT
WAS NOT SAFE FOR HIM.
EVENTUALLY SAID, I CAN'T COME
BACK INTO EACH YEAR.
THIS IS NOT GOING TO WORK.
>> Tucker: UNBELIEVABLE.
LET ME ASK YOU A QUICK QUESTION.
YOU STUDY THE STUFF FOR A
LIVING.
IF YOU HAD KIDS ABOUT TO GO TO
COLLEGE, WOULD YOU WANT TO SEND
THEM TO ANY COLLEGE, IF SO,
WHERE WOULD YOU WANT TO SEND
THEM?
>> FIRST THING I WOULD DO WOULD
GO TO THE WEBSITE AND LOOK UP
OUR SPEECH CODE RATINGS AND SEE
WHICH SCHOOLS ARE PROTECTING
THEIR STUDENTS EXPRESSIVE
RIGHTS, PUBLIC OR PRIVATE.
THEN GO LOOK AND SEE WHAT KIND
OF CONTROVERSIES HAVE HAPPENED
ON CAMPUS.
I AM PRETTY SURE THAT I WOULD
WANT MY CHILDREN TO FEEL FREE TO
ASSOCIATE WITH THE PEOPLE THEY
WANT TO ASSOCIATE WITH AND NOT
BE TOLD WHO THEY CAN AND CANNOT